# GC02
The School of Oriental and African Studies (SOAS) has many curators running exhibitions worldwide and wish to enable all visitors to get the most out of an exhibition visit. Our cross-platform mobile app allows a visitor to gain information about an artwork beyond what is hanging on the wall. They can engage by learning about the artwork’s background, listening to interpretative audio excerpts, taking a quiz or by accessing external links related to exhibit. All this content is managed by the curators themselves. As they are travelling whilst organising these exhibitions, a globally accessible Content Management System (CMS) was needed to make updating the app as convenient as possible . The app itself was built upon the Ionic and AngularJS Framework, along with Cordova plugins, using Javascript, HTML and CSS languages. This allowed the team to quickly build a cross- platform and idiomatic looking mobile application. As “mobile CMS” and data backend the team customized WordPress admin, which runs on the PHP framework on a secure Azure server, accessing an internal SQL database. The app uses the WP v2 RESTful API to fetch the data in JSON format that curators created with Advanced Custom Fields, a trustworthy and user friendly WordPress plugin. Finally, Google Analytics was integrated into the app and the WordPress Dashboard, which enables curators to keep track of the visitors’ behaviour. Thus, the provided coding solution uses common design patterns such as REST and Angular singleton state transitions, making the data exchange high-performing, lightweight and scalable.
